Changed trunc.char to better handle combining chars and full-width multibyte chars (#5995)
Rdatatable/data.table: NEWS.md

3. Optimized `shift` per group produced wrong results when simultaneously subsetting, for example, `DT[i==1L, shift(x), by=group]`, [#5962](https://github.com/Rdatatable/data.table/issues/5962). Thanks to @renkun-ken for the report and Benjamin Schwendinger for the fix.

> 4. `data.print.char` now handles combination multibyte characters correctly, [#5096](https://github.com/Rdatatable/data.table/issues/5096). Thanks to @MichaelChirico for the report and @joshhwuu for the fix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. `print` now handles combination multibyte characters correctly when truncating wide string entries, [#5096](https://github.com/Rdatatable/data.table/issues/5096). Thanks to @MichaelChirico for the report and @joshhwuu for the fix.
```
